- [[journal]] 
	 - Well today i woke up with energy and in a good mood , but just could not get myself to work out or do anything of the things that i know i need to do , even want to do , this is somthing at least it is just not what i planed on doing. i need to go back and re read [[Atomic Habits]] i feel like i read it , and even understand the techinics but with out useing them in my daily life it is just not effective or important, 
this is some sort of momentium juist not enough , i have to workout when i get home , and i cat play any games if i have not worked out , it is foolish to allow my self to play games every night when i could be using that time to get my body in a place that i wont fall apart in a few years i need to call [[Xsport]]and get another membership , i am sure they will do it over the phone,cause they are picecs of shit, i wont be able to get a membership till the weekend, but  i need to use the equipment i have tonight and every day til  i get the membership 

	 - 

- [[Time Card/May]] 09:00-18:00
[[ALDI]] [[Weekly]] [[5/26]] 

- [[Book-Atomic Habits]]
	 - Chapter 1: The fundamentals
why tiny changes make a big difference
		 - The Suprising Power of Atomic Habits
			 - **Introduction**
id:: 101f308a-3650-42e0-a9c9-a1e0d7e0a277
				 - **My Story**
id:: 55b3f9bd-d023-41ca-995e-5fa83fb16a75
					 - He was hit in the face with a baseball bat and was seriously injured 
id:: 205f5166-1c79-49c0-a6e7-eb160c40331a

					 - so what 

					 - 

				 - **My Recovery**
id:: 6733c14d-ce09-4668-abf6-dfc16a10665a
					 - he lost his sense of smell 
id:: ec914ec3-1820-436f-8da3-a8afa29f100b

					 - eye almost was blown out when he blew his nose
id:: f5d9b39f-979a-488d-833b-f0748114c299

					 - “A habit is a routine or behavior that is performed regularly”
id:: fecf1700-5bbb-4492-9ddb-da2b90be5806

			 - **The Fundamentals** 
Why Tiny Changes make a big difference
id:: 03e69672-52ea-49eb-bde7-f7fc990326dd

			 - **1 The Surprising Power of Atomic Habits**
				 - **The aggregation of marginal gains**
					 - finding small improvements in all things you do 

					 - if you improve every apspect of your life by 1%, adding it all togother can cause significant improvement 

				 - **Why small habits make a big difference**
					 - >“if you can get 1 percent better each day for one year, you’ll end up thirty-seven times better by the time you’re done. Conversely, if you get 1 percent worse each day for one year, you’ll decline nearly down to zero.”

					 - Habits are the compound interest of self-inprovements 

					 - Despite the value of Good Habits , the slow pace of transformation also makes it easy to let a bad habit slide.

					 - >“That said, it doesn’t matter how successful or unsuccessful you are right now. What matters is whether your habits are putting you on the path toward success.”

					 - >“Time magnifies the margin between success and failure. ”

					 - >“It will multiply whatever you feed it. Good habits make time your ally. Bad habits make time your enemy.”

					 - >“ a hallmark of any compounding process: the most powerful outcomes are delayed.”

					 - [[Plateau of Latent Potential]] it the point in progress when you dont see results .

					 - 

					 - 

				 - **Forget about goals, focus on systems instead**
					 - 

			 - The Tale of [[Dave Brailsford]]
				 - >“the aggregation of marginal gains,” [[Dave Brailsford]]

				 - >“The whole principle came from the idea that if you broke down everything you could think of that goes into riding a bike, and then improve it by 1 percent, you will get a significant increase when you put them all together.”[[Dave Brailsford]]

				 - The Story that [[James Clear]] chooses to share here is about [[Dave Brailsford]]. A perfect choice, [[Dave Brailsford]]'s method of training and coaching gives us insight  into the way we can continue to improve. finding small ways to improve everyday and letting all of those choice impact together 
					 - In 110 years, no British cyclist had ever won the event.

					 - [[Dave Brailsford]] was  British Cycling coach in 2003 , who lead his team to many victories. 
						 - five years after [[Dave Brailsford]] took over,2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, where they won an astounding 60 percent of the gold medals available.they set nine Olympic records and seven world records.That same year, Bradley Wiggins became the first British cyclist to win the Tour de France.from 2007 to 2017, British cyclists won 178 world championships and sixty-six Olympic or Paralympic gold medals and captured five Tour de France victories in what is widely regarded as the most successful run in cycling history.*

			 - Why Small habits make a big difference
				 - > Time magnifies the margin between success and failure . [[James Clear]]

				 - The simple math of getting 1% better or worse is a good illustration  , and seamingly acurate. He puts the focus not on how much results you get  but the trajectory of change you are on.
					 - 

					 - if you can get 1 percent better each day for one year, you’ll end up thirty-seven times better by the time you’re done.

					 - if you get 1 percent worse each day for one year, you’ll decline nearly down to zero.

					 - Habits are the compound interest of self-improvement.

					 - A single decision is easy to dismiss.

					 - It’s the accumulation of many missteps—a 1 percent decline here and there—that eventually leads to a problem.

					 - is similar to the effect of shifting the route of an airplane by just a few degrees.

					 - You should be far more concerned with your current trajectory than with your current results.

					 - You get what you repeat.

					 - Productivity compounds. Accomplishing one extra task is a small feat on any given day, but it counts for a lot over an entire career. The effect of automating an old task or mastering a new skill can be even greater. The more tasks you can handle without thinking, the more your brain is free to focus on other areas. Knowledge compounds. Learning one new idea won’t make you a genius, but a commitment to lifelong learning can be transformative. Furthermore, each book you read not only teaches you something new but also opens up different ways of thinking about old ideas. As Warren Buffett says, “That’s how knowledge works. It builds up, like compound interest.” Relationships compound. People reflect your behavior back to you. The more you help others, the more others want to help you. Being a little bit nicer in each interaction can result in a network of broad and strong connections over time.

					 - Stress compounds. The frustration of a traffic jam. The weight of parenting responsibilities. The worry of making ends meet. The strain of slightly high blood pressure. By themselves, these common causes of stress are manageable. But when they persist for years, little stresses compound into serious health issues. Negative thoughts compound. The more you think of yourself as worthless, stupid, or ugly, the more you condition yourself to interpret life that way. You get trapped in a thought loop. The same is true for how you think about others. Once you fall into the habit of seeing people as angry, unjust, or selfish, you see those kind of people everywhere. Outrage compounds. Riots, protests, and mass movements are rarely the result of a single event. Instead, a long series of microaggressions and daily aggravations slowly multiply until one event tips the scales and outrage spreads like wildfire.

					 - A one-degree shift, seemingly no different from the temperature increases before it, has unlocked a huge change.

					 - In the early and middle stages of any quest, there is often a Valley of Disappointment.But in order to make a meaningful difference, habits need to persist long enough to break through this plateau—what I call the Plateau of Latent Potential.

					 - Mastery requires patience.

					 - The task of breaking a bad habit is like uprooting a powerful oak within us. And the task of building a good habit is like cultivating a delicate flower one day at a time.

			 - FORGET ABOUT GOALS, FOCUS ON SYSTEMS INSTEAD
				 - > The purpose of setting goals is to win the game. The purpose of building systems is to continue playing the game. True long-term thinking is goal-less thinking. It’s not about any single accomplishment. It is about the cycle of endless refinement and continuous improvement. Ultimately, it is your commitment to the process that will determine your progress. [[James Clear]]

				 - Goal are not the what you should be worring about , focusing on goals hav negitive effect that are not at first sean. first of all the consept that winners and losers have the same goal. with that fact alone you see that it is not the goals that is the factor in sucess. the factor that truly causes sucsess is the system we. use. when you acthive a goal , you need to make a new goal or you will fall back into the old habits and then repeat the process again. if you are focused on goals you end up pushing off happiness till you get that and if you dont suceed then you dont get to be happy. if you are useing a system that is working well you can be happy with that and just that, knowing that sucess will come as a byproduct of a good system
					 - Goals are about the results you want to achieve. Systems are about the processes that lead to those results.

					 - Goals are good for setting a direction, but systems are best for making progress.

					 - Winners and losers have the same goals.

					 - Tour de France that propelled the British cyclists to the top of the sport. Presumably, they had wanted to win the race every year before—just like every other professional team. The goal had always been there. It was only when they implemented a system of continuous small improvements that they achieved a different.

					 - You’re left chasing the same outcome because you never changed the system behind it. You treated a symptom without addressing the cause.Achieving a goal only changes your life for the moment. but the results are not the problem. What we really need to change are the systems that cause those results.

					 - Goals restrict your happiness.

					 - The problem with a goals-first mentality is that you’re continually putting happiness off until the next milestone.

					 - goals create an “either-or” conflict: either you achieve your goal and are successful or you fail and you are a disappointment. It is unlikely that your actual path through life will match the exact journey you had in mind when you set out. It makes no sense to restrict your satisfaction to one scenario

					 - You can be satisfied anytime your system is running.

					 - Goals are at odds with long-term progress.

					 - Many runners work hard for months, but as soon as they cross the finish line, they stop training. The race is no longer there to motivate them.

					 - what is left to push you forward after you achieve it?

					 - You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems.

					 - atomic habits are not just any old habits, however small. They are little habits that are part of a larger system.

			 - Chapter 1 Summary
				 - Habits are the compound interest of self-improvement. Getting 1 percent better every day counts for a lot in the long-run.

				 - Habits are a double-edged sword. They can work for you or against you, which is why understanding the details is essential. 

				 - Small changes often appear to make no difference until you cross a critical threshold. The most powerful outcomes of any compounding process are delayed. You need to be patient. 

				 - An atomic habit is a little habit that is part of a larger system. Just as atoms are the building blocks of molecules, atomic habits are the building blocks of remarkable results. 

				 - If you want better results, then forget about setting goals. Focus on your system instead.

				 - You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems.

	 - 

	 - 
