- [[ALDI]] [[Weekly]] [[5/26]]
	 - [[Time Card/May]]
08:00-17:00

	 - Scene 1 
		 - AF: Outdoor living
			 - Notes
				 - we will need source files without the firepit lid

				 - we need one source file of the firepit with a warm glow for the retouchers

				 - INSERT

				 - Gmail(Horizontal) Display,Image Extension
					 - 

				 - 

- [[Meeting]]
	 - Lead [[Nicole Mundy]]
		 - [[Joe Bankmann]] got contact traceing so he is out and [[Lorielle Sum]] will take over his scenes

		 - 

		 - 

- [[Meeting]] 
	 - [[Holand House]] is for tomorrow we will be tested again for covid 

- 
id:: 9be88644-9e66-4f63-b388-d1f1e1d2daa7
	 - I need to get back to marcel and do the learning they offer [[Completed]]

- [[Book-Atomic Habits]]
	 - chapter 2
		 - > If nothing changes, nothing is going to change.

		 - This chapter covers the basic method of changing a habit, the method he lays out is about changing identity before changeing habits . we want our goals, and when we reach them we become the person who would do that. this type of thinking sets us up porly , we have to think about ourselves as the type of person who would already have and do the habit we are trying to do . [[James Clear]] talks about it in terms of "Outcome based habits " and "Identity based habits" giveing the example of someone who used to smoke saying , " i am trying to quit" or saying "i dont smoke". Our habits are a symptom of our beliefs , if we beleve that we are a person who works out , of course we will work out everyday. “repeated beingness.” is the original translation of identity  , he useing that to show, that we are what we do repetedly if i play games everyday , i am a gamer.
so i method of finding out what person you are trying to become is to think about what type of person would have the habits you are trying to grow 

	 - Cleaned highlights
		 - Highlights

		 - How Your Habits Shape Your Identity (and Vice Versa)
			 - once your habits are established, they seem to stick around forever—especially the unwanted ones.

			 - we try to change the wrong thing and (2) we try to change our habits in the wrong way.

			 - The first layer is changing your outcomes.
				 - losing weight, publishing a book, winning a championship.

			 - The second layer is changing your process.
				 - implementing a new routine at the gym, decluttering your desk for better workflow,

			 - The third and deepest layer is changing your identity.
				 - your judgments about yourself and others. Most

		 - Outcomes are about what you get. Processes are about what you do. Identity is about what you believe.
			 - people begin the process of changing their habits by focusing on what they want to achieve.

		 - outcome-based habits. The alternative is to build identity-based habits. With this approach, we start by focusing on who we wish to become.
			 - “No thanks. I’m trying to quit.” It sounds like a reasonable response, but this person still believes they are a smoker who is trying to be something else.

		 - old identity can sabotage their new plans for change.

		 - Behind every system of actions are a system of beliefs.

		 - Behavior that is incongruent with the self will not last.

		 - training. It’s hard to change your habits if you never change the underlying beliefs that led to your past behavior. You have a new goal and a new plan, but you haven’t changed who you are.

		 - “I asked my wife to schedule my first-ever manicure,”

		 - reason. What happened was the manicure made my fingers look really nice for the first time.

		 - I was proud of my fingernails.

		 - The ultimate form of intrinsic motivation is when a habit becomes part of your identity. It’s one thing to say I’m the type of person who wants this. It’s something very different to say I’m the type of person who is this.

		 - Once your pride gets involved, you’ll fight tooth and nail to maintain your habits.

		 - True behavior change is identity change.

		 - Improvements are only temporary until they become part of who you are.

		 - Your behaviors are usually a reflection of your identity.

		 - Research has shown that once a person believes in a particular aspect of their identity, they are more likely to act in alignment with that belief.

		 - Doing the right thing is easy. After all, when your behavior and your identity are fully aligned, you

		 - You are simply acting like the type of person you already believe yourself to be.

		 - a cognitive slumber,

		 - “I’m terrible with directions.” “I’m not a morning person.” “I’m bad at remembering people’s names.” “I’m always late.” “I’m not good with technology.” “I’m horrible at math.”

		 - There is internal pressure to maintain your self-image and behave in a way that is consistent with your beliefs.

		 - conflict. Good habits can make rational sense, but if they conflict with your identity, you will fail to put them into action.

		 - edit your beliefs, and to upgrade and expand your identity.

		 - THE TWO-STEP PROCESS TO CHANGING YOUR IDENTITY

		 - Your identity emerges out of your habits. You are not born with preset beliefs. Every

		 - your habits are how you embody your identity.

		 - The more you repeat a behavior, the more you reinforce the identity associated with that behavior.

		 - the word identity was originally derived from the Latin words essentitas, which means being, and identidem, which means repeatedly.

		 - “repeated beingness.”

		 - I didn’t start out as a writer. I became one through my habits.

		 - your habits are not the only actions that influence your identity, but by virtue of their frequency they are usually the most important ones.

		 - The effect of one-off experiences tends to fade away while the effect of habits gets reinforced with time,

		 - Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become.

		 - identity. This is one reason why meaningful change does not require radical change.

		 - providing evidence of a new identity.

		 - it works the opposite way, too. Every time you choose to perform a bad habit, it’s a vote for that identity.

		 - Your goal is simply to win the majority of the time.

		 - New identities require new evidence.

		 - If nothing changes, nothing is going to change.

		 - Decide the type of person you want to be. Prove it to yourself with small wins.

		 - work backward from the results you want to the type of person who could get those results.

		 - “Who is the type of person that could get the outcome I want?”

		 - can begin taking small steps to reinforce your desired identity.

		 - of identity-based habits is our first introduction to another key theme in this book: feedback loops.
