- 
	 - Morning
		 - Take temp and post on The Pub Check In

		 - put hours from last night into Roar

		 - Return to office

- [[Projects]] [[The PUB]]
	 - [[Studio Upkeep] [[Not Started]]
#[[Michael Tutino]]
id:: ebe845de-f9f0-4603-bb27-839f40152dfc
		 - Set up meeting next week with [[Michael Tutino]] about Studio Upkeep

		 - 

		 - 

		 - 

	 - [[BTS]] [[Completed]]
#[[Jordan Balderas]] #[[Michael Tutino]] #[[Jessica Vass]] #[[Janessa Gates]] #[[Brittney Barbee]]
		 - Living Room Scene 
			 - Set Pieces 
				 - Staircase

				 - Wall with window

				 - Chair

				 - Glass Table 

				 - Grey Couch 

				 - Basket with Blanket

				 - White Painting 

			 - Shot List
				 - Hero Shot of Living room

				 - Behind the Scenes with Worker working

				 - Behind the Scenes wide shot to show the setup 

				 - Family shot With Everyone 

				 - Stop motion of set pieces being removed from set 
					 - With person pulling 

					 - Without person pullling

				 - 

				 - 

	 - [[Career Conversions]] [[Completed]]
#[[Nicole Mundy]]
		 - This is the link 
https://trk-5.net/l2/7OYiYNHcz0/508405/2468397693.html?

		 - [[Goals]]
			 - [[Business  Goals]] relate to the overall growth of the organisation. They can be achieved by creating and leading with competitive products, managing and retaining clients, winning new business and supporting growth by diversifying and providing new services. We are all responsible for contributing to our success
				 - To help out with Concept and setup of example scenes  to use for new clients 
					 - [[KPI]]: Once a month produce extra content with new clients in mind 

					 - 

				 - 

			 - [[People Goals]] should directly link to building your skills and capabilities, developing yourself, whilst also supporting the business & your clients.
				 - Continuing my education by earning Phase One Certification 

				 - Continue Smartsheet learning. 

			 - [[Operation Goal]] are linked directly to how you do your job on a daily basis. They are focused on creating efficiency, improving productivity, collaboration all whilst delivering with excellence. A part of everyone's role at Publicis is to live the Power of One everyday through creating synergies via new partnerships and collaborating with peers across the Groupe.
				 - Help the Studio  be more Efficient so we can provide better content in the same time for  our clients
					 - [[KPI]]: Keeping the studio in a state that allows sets to built quickly, Doing preset for the scenes the night before. 

				 - 

				 - 

	 - Seamless Inventory [[Completed]]
#[[Jessica Vass]] #[[Nicole Mundy]]
		 - Our [[ALDI]] creatives asked for an inventory of the seamless colors we have. By 11 am tomorrow can you share with me all seamless colors we have in house along with a color sample? Please make sure there is enough on the roll too! Could be as simple as sending me decent, clean, photos of all the colors we have-please make sure we have enough on the roll too! Ie. Separate photos of all the blues, all the yellows, greens, etc. #[[Nicole Mundy]]

		 - 

	 - [[Set Painting]] with [[Michael Tutino]] [[Completed]]
		 - 

		 - Job Name: [[4/21 [[ALDI]] Shoot]]

		 - [[**Job Code**]]:[[ B1124-012534-00]]

		 - Budget: $700

		 - Paint Color  **BM Ivory Tower and Rose Petal**

	 - 

- [[Roam]]
	 - For my Roamers: https://maggieappleton.com/roam-garden
#[[Michael Tutino]]

	 - Roam Weekend
#[[Michael Tutino]]
		 - Day 1 - https://youtu.be/yf5RPeb1gHw


		 - Day 2 - https://youtu.be/LW8NZQkXHyw


		 - 

- [] [[Personal]]
	 - Clean the House
[[March 6th, 2021]]
		 - 

		 - 

		 - 

		 - 

		 - 

		 - 

		 - Kitchen
			 - Microwave

			 - Stove

			 - Counters

			 - 

	 - Set up Direct Deposit [[Completed]]
		 - Email HR About Altair 

	 - Send Camron his keys. [[Canceled]]
		 - 2423 Walden Rd, Iowa City, IA 52246

	 - Read A Book on [[Input]]

	 - Make a refrance block [[Completed]]
id:: 4853a54a-d7d4-4547-92cd-e9107c4e5e0b
		 - does it work , i am not sure

		 - what 

		 - i hope so

	 - 

	 - 

	 - 

- 
