- [[Time Card/May]] 09:00-17:00
[[Shoot - Barbie Dream House]]

- DONE Setup tables for props and special effect for the [[Shoot - Barbie Dream House]]

- "linking your thinking " 
https://www.linkingyourthinking.com/
	 - [[Michael Tutino]] Presented 

- breaking smart [[Venkatesh Rao]]  [[Learn]]
[[Michael Tutino]]

- [[Questions For]] [[Michael Tutino]]
	 - when racking focus for a paralax effect what kind of nameing convention would you use?

	 - what circuits are seperate


- [[Shoot - Barbie Dream House]]
	 - using pro 10 

	 - t.1 flash deration period 


	 - 14:00  Meet Geoff's assistant downstairs


	 - [[Jordan Balderas]] [[NOTES]] on [[Shoot - Barbie Dream House]]
		 - **01_Barbie shoot:
**

		 - Lazy Susan for the barbie shoot?

		 - Walkable piece of grey background

		 - DONE Lock in Dodd rental

		 - DONE Lock in Doll dresser

		 - DONE Lock in Geoff & Rigger

		 - Test shoot barbie w/ 85mm vs 70-200mm vs 105mm

		 - Parallax effect?
			 - Shoot at different focus points to help with parallax effect

		 - Kate will be shopping

		 - Summer 15 - Flipping burgers in post
			 - Ok to put water in the pool yes

			 - Separate water artifacts to help with parallax effects


		 - Kitchen scene:
			 - Making Christmas cookies out of play dough

			 - Kid knocking flower out of bowl.

			 - Parallax effect in the kitchen with the falling items

			 - Post would like us to shoot these as plates to help match the lighting in the room.

			 - They are suggesting us to get these assets from stock photo instead?

			 - Put a clean plate behind the elements to help the retoucher pull the falling elements
out.


			 - Holiday theme cookies, not nessasary Christmas trees?

		 - Sleep over scene:
			 - Camp fire:

			 - Fire?
				 - make a DIY fire pit?


				 - Construction paper fire for fire pit.

		 - Dolls on Roof top:
			 - Karaoke

			 - Dance poses

			 - Pets at their feet

		 - Living room Scene:

		 - Toy train


		 - Pop Corn
			 - What is on TV screen?

			 - Sticker on tv screen


			 - Might replace in pos

		 - Closet scene:
			 - Rigging the dolls:

				 - We can rig the barbie anyway we can

				 - We can damage the doll.

				 - False advertisement of what the dolls can do on their own.


				 - Standing we need to rig

		 - House:
			 - Can we rig to the house?
[[Question]]

			 - House as a whole.

				 - How many house shots?
[[Question]]

		 - Dolls:

			 - Doubles of all dolls


			 - Dolls should be packed by scene.


		 - **House**

		 - Propped with only stuff that comes with the house!
			 - Questions:
				 - Shallow depth?

				 - Lighting?

				 - Can we rig to the house

				 - Poly-propy-lene surface?

				 - Laminate wood?

		 - Sqew them as pinks or purples

		 - Would we ever retouch a stand out?

		 - Stands in the Paralax will be ruined.

		 - Are angles locked in - No

		 - Edge all dolls in white light

		 - Make sure to get plates of all scenes then dolls

		 - Shoot in layers, focus to the front element then roll back into the set.

		 - Shoot a deeper stop

		 - They will do an artificial blur effect in post!
