- [[Learning]]
	 - [[Smartsheet learning Center]]
		 - [[Topic 2: Sorting and Filtering]]
			 - **Sorting** and **filtering** offer two different ways to customize the view of data in your sheet. You can't do both at the same time so it's best to determine in advance which option will help more.

			 - **Sorting** lets you organize all or part of your data in ascending or descending order. Note that you cannot undo a sort after it has been saved so you'll want to make sure that all of your rows in your sheet, including parent rows in a hierarchy, are ordered the way you want before saving.

			 - **Filters** allow you to show or hide information on your sheet based on selected criteria. They're useful because they don't change the overall layout of your sheet. You can also save filters and share them with anyone who is shared to the sheet. You can even set default filters on your sheet so that when shared users open that sheet, they see the the same view.

			 - **Sort Rows to Organize Your Data**
				 - To organize your data in ascending or descending order, use the **Sort Row** command. When you sort, you have two choices about the amount of data you want to work with: you can sort [all rows in your sheet](https://help.smartsheet.com/learning-track/smartsheet-intermediate/sorting-and-filtering#all_rows) or [only a selection](https://help.smartsheet.com/learning-track/smartsheet-intermediate/sorting-and-filtering#selection) of them.

				 - **Notes on Sorting **
					 - Applying a sort will impact the existing rows in the sheet. When new rows are added, you'll need to sort again to incorporate the newly added rows.

					 - **You cannot undo a sort after the sheet has been saved.** Make sure the rows in your sheet are ordered as desired before you save it.

					 - Although Editors __can__ sort a sheet, they __can't__ sort locked rows. If the Sort Rows option appears unavailable, and you're shared to the sheet with Editor permissions (see [Sharing Permission Levels](https://help.smartsheet.com/articles/1155182) for details), deselect any locked rows before attempting to sort.

					 - The **Sort Rows **command will be unavailable if a filter is applied to your sheet. Before you sort, you'll first need to ensure that filters are not applied. To clear a filter (stop applying it to the sheet), select** Filter Off **from the **Filter** menu. For more information on filtering sheet data, check out our article on [Using Filters to Show or Hide Sheet Data.](https://help.smartsheet.com/articles/504659)

				 - **How Different Data Types Are Sorted**
					 - **Hierarchy:** If you’ve created sub-items, the sub-items will be sorted but kept beneath their parent row. The parent rows will also be sorted but their sub-items will move with them.

					 - Data created with a **Dropdown list:** If you sort on a column that is a Dropdown List type, items will be sorted using the order of the drop-down list values. Double-click on a column header and select **Edit Column Properties** to view/edit these values or to change their order.

					 - **Harvey Ball** values: When sorted in ascending order, the values will be ordered as Empty > Quarter > Half >Three-Quarters > Full > Blank.

					 - **Red-Yellow-Green** values: When sorted in ascending order, the values will be ordered as Red > Yellow > Green > Blank.

					 - **Mixed letters and numbers: **Values that start with a letter and include a number will be sorted first in alphabetical order then in numerical order starting from the leftmost digit. For example, the values Q1, Q2, Q3, Q12, will be sorted as Q1, Q12, Q2, Q3.

				 - Sort Behavior in Reports
